README.md, before:

# Starfield Macros (AutoHotkey)



A set of AutoHotkey v2.0 macros for Bethesda's Starfield, designed to automate and enhance gameplay with features like reactive shield recasting, vehicle flight mode, and invisibility toggling.
Since these macros run outside of the game engine, achievements aren't affected.

### 

### Features



* **Reactive Shield (F2):** Automatically recasts the shield every X seconds. (Assumes '6' key is set for the shield power.)
* **Vehicle Flight Mode (F7):** Enables "flight" mode for vehciles with extended or infinite boost. Adjustable flight and delay times.
* **Invisibility (F12):** Toggles Void Form for stealth. (Assumes '9' key is set for Void Form.)
* **Status Tooltips:** On-screen notifications for macro status and parameter changes.
* **Parameter Adjustment:** Change flight time and delay on the fly using arrow and numpad keys.

### 

### Hotkeys



| Hotkey                 | Function                             | Notes                                       |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------- |
| Numpad Home, Left, End | Flight presets, High, Medium and low | Select before activating Flight mode        |
| F2                     | Reactive Shield                      | Toggle auto-recast. Uses '6' as shortcut.   |
| F3                     | Hover Mode                           | Vertical take off                           |
| F4                     | Continous Boost                      | Holds down Space and Shift                  |
| F6                     | Hold Shift                           | Horizontal boost                            |
| F7                     | Vehicle Flight Mode                  | Toggle flight mode. Adjustable parameters.  |
| F11                    | Release Shft and Space               | Unstick any held down keys                  |
| F12                    | Invisibility (Void Form)             | Toggle invisibility. Uses '9' as shortcut.  |
| Numeric Keypad /       | Store flight parameters              |                                             |
| Numeric Keypad *       | Show flight parameters               |                                             |
| Numeric Keypad -       | Recall flight parameters             |                                             |
| Numeric Keypad +       | Set flight and delay time to 150     |                                             |
| Numeric Keypad Enter   | Set flight and delay time to 50      |                                             |



### Flight Mode Adjustments (while active)

* **Up/Down:** Increase/Decrease flight time
* **NumpadPgUp/PgDn:** Increase/Decrease delay time
* **NumpadEnd/Left/Home:** Preset gravities (Low/Medium/High)
* **NumpadRight:** Flight delay zero

### 

### Requirements



* [AutoHotkey v2.0](https://www.autohotkey.com/)
* Starfield (PC - Steam or Xbox)

### 

### Usage



1. Download or copy `Starfield Macros.ahk` to your PC.
2. Set your in-game power shortcuts to match the script (default: '6' for shield, '9' for Void Form).
3. Run the script with AutoHotkey v2.0 or create a compiled version
4. Use the hotkeys in-game while Starfield is the active window.

### 

### Customization



* Adjust timing and key parameters at the top of the script as needed for your playstyle or NG+ level.

___

##### Disclaimer



Use at your own risk. This script is provided as-is.

___

Contributions and suggestions welcome!

Commit message:

Added Numpad Delete to briefly drop altitude during flight

README.md, after:

# Starfield Macros (AutoHotkey)



A set of AutoHotkey v2.0 macros for Bethesda's Starfield, designed to automate and enhance gameplay with features like reactive shield recasting, vehicle flight mode, and invisibility toggling.
Since these macros run outside of the game engine, achievements aren't affected.

### 

### Features



* **Reactive Shield (F2):** Automatically recasts the shield every X seconds. (Assumes '6' key is set for the shield power.)
* **Vehicle Flight Mode (F7):** Enables "flight" mode for vehciles with extended or infinite boost. Adjustable flight and delay times.
* **Invisibility (F12):** Toggles Void Form for stealth. (Assumes '9' key is set for Void Form.)
* **Status Tooltips:** On-screen notifications for macro status and parameter changes.
* **Parameter Adjustment:** Change flight time and delay on the fly using arrow and numpad keys.

### 

### Hotkeys



| Hotkey                 | Function                             | Notes                                       |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------- |
| Numpad Home, Left, End | Flight presets, High, Medium and low | Select before activating Flight mode        |
| F2                     | Reactive Shield                      | Toggle auto-recast. Uses '6' as shortcut.   |
| F3                     | Hover Mode                           | Vertical take off                           |
| F4                     | Continous Boost                      | Holds down Space and Shift                  |
| F6                     | Hold Shift                           | Horizontal boost                            |
| F7                     | Vehicle Flight Mode                  | Toggle flight mode. Adjustable parameters.  |
| F11                    | Release Shft and Space               | Unstick any held down keys                  |
| F12                    | Invisibility (Void Form)             | Toggle invisibility. Uses '9' as shortcut.  |
| Numeric Keypad /       | Store flight parameters              |                                             |
| Numeric Keypad *       | Show flight parameters               |                                             |
| Numeric Keypad -       | Recall flight parameters             |                                             |
| Numeric Keypad +       | Set flight and delay time to 200     |                                             |
| Numeric Keypad Enter   | Set flight and delay time to 50      |                                             |
| Numeric Keypad Delete  | Release space                        | Tap briefly or hold down to drop altitude   |



### Flight Mode Adjustments (while active)

* **Up/Down:** Increase/Decrease flight time
* **NumpadPgUp/PgDn:** Increase/Decrease delay time
* **NumpadEnd/Left/Home:** Preset gravities (Low/Medium/High)
* **NumpadRight:** Flight delay zero

### 

### Requirements



* [AutoHotkey v2.0](https://www.autohotkey.com/)
* Starfield (PC - Steam or Xbox)

### 

### Usage



1. Download or copy `Starfield Macros.ahk` to your PC.
2. Set your in-game power shortcuts to match the script (default: '6' for shield, '9' for Void Form).
3. Run the script with AutoHotkey v2.0 or create a compiled version
4. Use the hotkeys in-game while Starfield is the active window.

### 

### Customization



* Adjust timing and key parameters at the top of the script as needed for your playstyle or NG+ level.

___

##### Disclaimer



Use at your own risk. This script is provided as-is.

___

Contributions and suggestions welcome!
